hi everybody welcome to the ipfs weekly
call plans add-in I'll be running you
through this meeting so first things
first you need a note taker do we have
any volunteers
ah Alan thank you thank you much much
appreciated if your name is nothing Sal
and you cut out their say again I'm just
saying I know how painful it is waiting
for people to volunteer so if when I
fall into much appreciated
yeah if you're here and you want to drop
your name in the attendees list that
would also be appreciated the doc is in
zoom Thank You Jessica okay do we have
any additional agenda items anything
anyone wants to add please add it to the
document and then we will get to it my
personal announcement is that if we if
you have not noticed
oh I believe I see 0.5 was released if
you have not upgraded you should upgrade
it will improve your experience as well
as those who are on the network already
so give it a shot all right well
yes then without further ado I'm going
to hand it over to our presenter for the
day
howdy Moe galaxy dope over here
I'm Braden I'm from unstoppable domains
let me show my screen a little a little
stump speech to give here yeah so oh I
only have here's the person cool so we
are unstoppable domains and we make
blockchain domain names that resolve to
decentralize websites so yeah so we
launched unstoppable domains in 2018
and we got funding and of grown sons
then and we build blockchain domain
registries so we released the dot crypto
extension on etherium and Zille on the
silica blockchain we operate a registrar
where we sell domains at unstoppable
domains calm so kind of like a GoDaddy
like interface and we are building
decentralized web tools that resolve
websites like a browser we have a Chrome
extension we are making some ipfs web
templates that people can people can
interact with we've built some deploy
tools so that you can deploy
decentralized websites to our naming
service and we also are doing business
integrations with wallets to like
resolve cryptocurrency addresses and
also allow people to resolve ipfs
websites so a blockchain domain name is
just like a DNS domain name except it's
stored on a smart contract which means
that it's got all those nice
chain security guarantees it's a self
custody asset which means that it again
has all those nice like blockchain like
properties and we resolve crypto
addresses websites and other metadata
depending on what you want and why do we
need the decentralized web well it's
really important that files are
decentralized and available to everyone
but it's just as important that the way
we look up those files is decentralized
and fault tolerant and so yeah there
have been more and more issues with with
like registrar's and companies hiking
fees in the space like Verisign has been
trying to hike prices org got sold and
it's gonna hike prices and yeah we want
to avoid all that so what we built is
suite of smart contracts to resolve
resolve this stuff we've built a
transaction processor and an easy UI so
that users don't have to have any if
they're a.m. and can still trust lessly
configure and deploy these websites and
again we've built a pretty simple and
extendable interface for just fetching
key values off the blockchain and
resolving those values to ipfs web sites
so you go on to unstoppable domains calm
you can search and by name you can claim
it with meta mask type wallet you can
upload like a website to
i PFS and configure your cryptocurrency
addresses and stuff with a private key
and a signature just by like using like
web three each sign or yeah and we've
started building our our decentralized
web tools since the beginning of and
kind of middle of last year so we've got
a browser that runs an IP FS note inside
that can resolve that can resolve
websites we've got a Chrome extension
and then we also recently got integrated
with opera on Android so if you have if
you have an Android phone you can
resolve that crypto domains on your
mobile oops
we've got static templates we've got a
simple file uploader where you can
design a static website on your local
and then just upload it and then we're
using pinata who I see is here for
pinning on ipfs so that we can ensure
that everyone's up we've got our library
on our github we've got some API Docs
too if you want to look at it and then
we've got some partners when we got more
on our site if you want to see who else
is integrated and then here are some
nice numbers so lots of domains we've
seen an uptick in websites to 3,000 and
then we've also got a fairly large user
base now and then we've got these
companies working with us so my the
wallet is doing resolution aetherium or
sorry ether scan is or sorry my through
wallet is also
like launching their own ipfs website
either scan is doing search engine
khyber network and switcharoo are are
also launching ipfs websites pinata is
doing our pinning Thank You pinata and
then each male is planning something and
view block also has search inside them
there a block explore yeah and here are
some more links if you want to download
the presentation and go check some stuff
out for the IPF has templates resolution
the browser and anything else were
definitely down to talk yeah we're super
excited about all this yeah and that's
it I kind of wanted to leave a lot of
this presentation open to questions so
if anyone has anything I'd be more than
happy to happy to talk well thanks a lot
that's that's fantastic
does anyone have any questions about the
browser
sure so the browser oops I have the old
version I do most of my night work on my
laptop but the browser you can find on
our website and you can download it
right here so there's now here it is and
the browser can resolve eath duck crypto
domains and
works wonderfully does it does it white
if this with it no it does not it
bundles JSI PFS nice okay yeah so it's a
Zambian browser yeah
and it's open source so you can go look
at the source code on our github which
is that github install whoops
quince awful domains and then now so
here it is you can check it out and if
you want to see a list of websites which
we call it view block has indexed all
our dill and our crypto websites so you
can go here on view block and I can drop
this inside chat where's my zoom there's
chat a unique feature of the browser is
that when you go to a website you get
the option to with one click turn on the
ipfs node so you have a method for
unenthused an incentive eyes getting a
lot of different nodes to support some
specific content yep
so here we go boo Boop with smiley yeah
and so you can if you go on view block
here you can see the big litany of lots
and lots of domains and then there's
also yeah I know are there any other
resources Brad for seeing websites not
yet right there is one other list so
I'll drop in yeah we're trying to move
so right now there's the search
functionality and the an actual browser
have not quite merged yet right but
pretty soon we're gonna we're getting it
to a point where you can actually do
your searching up here with a blockchain
search engine which will be pretty cool
but for right now you have to know what
site you want to visit and you can
bookmark stuff over here once you know
but yeah it's still it's still very much
work in progress so far but it is it is
awesome because it really does resolve
the centralized websites yeah and what
else I got a question about potential
interlock with existing DNS sure are you
playing something like like DNS proxy
exposing Zeile and crypto names over
like regular old-school DNS so that
clients can just resolve it so yes that
is definitely coming we are really also
interested in like actually integrating
with ICANN itself too so but
yeah those tools have not been made
quite yet well we have Zil dot link for
4 dot like a downsell like a mirror for
dull domains and I believe we have one
coming for dark crypto as well but we're
also really just focused on getting
integrations with browsers so you can
actually just view the decisional
natively yeah cool thank you add one
which is what is your guys approach to
dealing with domain squadron so the I
think the the conversation around domain
squating winds up being around a couple
of different things I think one thing is
around like brand protection and another
thing is around who gets all the best
names and so for the first question of
brand protection we imitated the process
what's called Sunrise process that's
done by traditional domain registries
meaning that we identified brand names
and blocked them so that they cannot be
registered by anyone other than the
brand owner and so like this is like all
crypto companies all major companies
like Google or whatever else and we
actually decided to just take that
namespace and give them away for free of
those brands when they come to us and
the idea there was we wanted to prevent
squatting we also wanted to onboard
companies and for the most part we
imagine the companies are probably not
actually going to care about this for
several years until it gets bigger but
we didn't want them to when they
eventually care not be able to get their
grant so we are getting them to claim
over time and see we actually have
already had maybe I think ten fortune
1000 companies claim their names so far
and a whole bunch of crypto companies so
that's squatting on the on the like
brand protections on the brand
protection side I think that's super
important if you don't do that you're
gonna have major problems with your
registry and with browsers you know
being willing to support it and then on
the like top domains I think that is
something that you know their wounds are
one-time fees so if your earlier you
do you have the potential to get some of
the better names you know we're okay
with that as long as it doesn't wind up
in the hands of a really small number of
people I don't I don't really see that
as unhealthy there's a you know there's
a secondary market and everything else
like that so yeah thanks any any other
questions on the crowd and I got that
stuff I have one question
I was curious what the plan for the
browsers are for the browser is it a
temporary solution or is it a something
you think go into it in an ideal world
we wouldn't need the unstoppable browser
like we don't really want to be we don't
really want to maintain and have a
browser and plus like other people like
if we got Chrome to resolve decrypted
names I don't think that we would have I
don't think that we would have a
unstoppable browser because we don't
want to have to like support extensions
and all the other things that a browser
has so like in the short term we built a
browser to show it can be done and make
it functional but it's not our dream to
become a browser company yeah we were
really just trying to kind of set an
example for the browser community like
you know right now a lot of what's
happening is is that people are building
stuff with you know with like ipfs
gateways you know CloudFlare and other
stuff and we wanted to provide an
example to the market of what it looks
like when you have you know the ipfs
node actually inside and hope that and
try to encourage that as a standard I I
think this is this is something that
like we're really like trying to push
towards the browser community in general
and if we can do that there's like in
terms of like actual browsing we don't
think people are gonna be using our
browser it's called a demo browser it's
for developers DUI is bad we're really
just trying to and also this like
concept of one instead of us sharing
turning on a node when you go to a
website I think is another important
feature that we would want to encourage
browsers to have but in terms of our
users right now
I think most people are using our Chrome
extension or are using opera and are
likely to be using other tools in the
future there they're not people are not
going to be using our tools over the
long term we don't think we're just
we're trying to integrate with you know
extensions browsers etc anyone else nope
I'll oh well thanks a lot that's
fantastic
like it's a bunch everybody and I know
we kind of glossed over this but we
we've been watching these ipfs templates
actually do you think it makes sense to
just show it real quick because the the
templates might just be one other thing
that people be curious about we're
trying to basically we're trying to
provide tools that don't require for
non-technical users to be able to launch
ipfs websites and so we already have the
like pinata pinning function built into
the built into the application and we
now have these like widgets where you
can launch a profile page and pretty
soon you'll be able to launch a blog
hopefully a little ecommerce store and
we're looking for developers who are
building tools like this that would want
to share them with our users you could
sell them to our users you can give them
away for free to our users but our users
have high intent to launch a
decentralized website because they just
purchased a blockchain domain so yeah I
think you can go to you know choose a
template and so it's kind of like
decentralize with you know decentralized
web builder where you've got like a few
variables you can change and so forth
yeah
I think that's probably it yep all right
well thanks for buddy for Johnny and
looking forward to seeing you all next
week
thanks everybody and shout out to Matt
in yata for making it happen